[SHIRAYUKI] How nice to see you,
Miss Sly Fox.
[ICHINOSE] Come now,
slapping honorifics on a slight
doesn't make it sound
any less petty, you know?
[SHIRAYUKI] Is there something
I can help you with today?
[ICHINOSE]
Still frosty, I see.
As a matter of fact,
yes, there is.
I have a question for you,
Shirayuki.
Your master, Hiroto Shinohara,
has secured a respectable
four victories thus far.
What rank do you think
he's achieved from this?
[SHIRAYUKI] Since his position
as a faux-Seven Star
prohibits him
from accruing more,
I imagine he's still only a One.
[ICHINOSE]
[snicker] Wrong.
Hiroto Shinohara's actual rank
is now that of a Two Star.
-Why is that?
-You remember
how the Unique Stars function,
right?
When the holder of a Unique Star
loses a game,
that star is, invariably,
stripped away from them.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Yes.
[ICHINOSE]
Flashing back to his last game,
Shinohara defeated
the holder of the Indigo Star,
the so-called "Phoenix",
Seiran Kugasaki.
As a supposed Seven Star,
Shinohara's already maxed out.
And yet, the rules mandate that
the Indigo Star Kugasaki held
go to the one who defeated him.
The standard solution?
One of the winner's normal stars
is replaced
with the unique star.
Wait a second, but that's...
Indeed, it's just not possible
in Shinohara's case.
He only holds a colored Star.
He doesn't have any normal ones.
In this unlikely eventuality,
the winner is simply given
the Unique Star as supplemental.
So Shinohara
is now "double-colored".
Holding stars
both Red and Indigo.
Should he carry on as he has,
defeating players
with Unique Stars,
he could become an unparalleled
"all-colored" Seven Star.
He's won all four of the games
he's played so far,
two of them being
against the Empress and Phoenix,
with the latter being
on the merit
of his own personal aptitude.
And through it all,
he's demonstrated
exceptional versatility,
wit, and imagination.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Tell me,
were you aware
my master had such capabilities
when you first brought him
to the island?
[ICHINOSE]
Who knows?
Let's just say
it was obvious he was worth more
than his transfer exams
indicated.
"Worth more"?
Are you trying to use him?
[ICHINOSE]
I am using him.
He's a means of helping me
achieve my ambitions, after all.
Shinohara must already
realize that himself.
We're using each other. Simple.
Shinohara has a reason
to stay on the island,
and joyously, I have a reason
to keep him here.
See? Our interests overlap.
You're using each other?
[ICHINOSE]
Still,
things may not go
this smoothly forever.
If he keeps gaining stars,
he'll face
greater and greater opposition.
And then?
Just where will you be?
[SHIRAYUKI]
You needn't worry about that.
No matter what happens,
I will stay at my master's side.
[SHIRAYUKI]
My name is Himeji Shirayuki.
Until very recently,
I was enrolled in Ouka Academy
in District Three,
but due
to unforeseen circumstances,
I've been transferred
to Eimei Academy.
[sighs]
I tend to be quite shy
around new people,
and find talking to boys
somewhat difficult,
so I apologize if I can come off
as rude at times.
[SHIRAYUKI] Rest assured,
it does not mean I dislike you.
[SHIRAYUKI] I'd be grateful
if you could show me patience.
[students exclaim]
[FEMALE STUDENT]
Ooh, she's so cute!
[NANA]
All right, settle down.
Before we get to it,
I have one more announcement
to make.
It's about Eimei Academy's
traditional campus free-for-all.
The All-Campus
Elimination Battle
begins next week.
Your participation
is compulsory.
You will be expected to engage
in mock-games
using
the special "Trial Command".
Remember, in Trial Games,
Stars cannot be exchanged.
Also, you're free to challenge
whoever you want.
Rank restrictions do not apply.
However, if you're defeated,
you're out.
It's a last-student standing,
survival-of-the-fittest contest.
The event will be critical
in deciding who among you
gets to compete
in the inter-academy competition
next month.
Those who place in the top five
will have the privilege
of representing Eimei Academy.
And whoever lasts the longest
will also receive
a special prize!
So give it your best!
[HIROTO]
Here. This is for you, Himeji.
Is it okay for me
to accept this?
After you worked so hard
to finally obtain
a chocolate cornet?
Just take it.
Consider it
a saccharine way of saying
thank you for coming through
for me in that last match.
[chowing down]
Hey, slow down, will you?
You'll give yourself
a stomachache going like that.
Ah! Excuse me!
It's so good I could scarcely
restrain myself.
So, I've been thinking.
The Elimination Battle,
it represents
a rather unique and challenging
situation
for us.
This event works on a principle
aptly named "State of Conflict."
You approach the opponent
you want to challenge
and make a Trial request.
The request
is automatically accepted,
locking off
both players' capacity
to send or receive more
until a winner is decided.
That is the State of Conflict.
Now do keep in mind,
this is time-constrained.
If a State of Conflict persists
for longer than 24 hours
without a Trial,
you'll be eliminated.
Even though no Stars
are exchanged in this event,
your image is still on the line.
With that in mind,
we must devise a strategy
to ensure you achieve
first place.
Kind of sounds like
just running away
would be the best move,
doesn't it?
Indeed, if you maintain
the minimum distance
as stipulated,
requests won't be accepted.
[KAGAYA]
Hiro. You got company.
-[Hiroto gasps]
-[Noa giggle]
[NOA]
You're Hiroto.
[giggles] Am I right?
[HIROTO]
Oh, man!
She's giving off
serious "innocent cutie" vibes!
Like a baby deer!
And those ponytails are just...
[Hiroto chef's kiss]
Uh, hello? Hiroto?
You ignoring me?
When a girl this cute
starts talking to you,
you should listen, you know?
Makes her feel good.
Oh, uh, sorry there,
didn't mean to ignore you.
[NOA]
You didn't?
Then you must have been
mesmerized by my looks.
That's totally understandable.
So mind telling me who you are?
Who, me?
I'm Noa, or Noa Akizuki in full.
What's up?
Don't let the dainty package
fool you,
I'm actually a third year.
Which means, I'm your senior.
But try not to hold it
against me.
[giggles]
You really are oh-so strong,
Hiroto.
Wait, you won a battle
for a chocolate cornet, as well?
[giggles] Yup!
An easy thing to do
when you're mega mighty,
super smart,
and drop-dead adorable.
[HIROTO] [splutters]
So, what do you want?
Let's see. What do I want?
Uh, well, I guess there
is one thing I wanted to know,
so spill, are you two
like boyfriend and girlfriend,
or what?
You referring to me and Himeji?
I think
you've got the wrong idea.
At least for the time being,
we're maintaining
a rather wholesome relationship.
Huh. Okay. I get it.
Well, if that's how it is...
-Fair game.
-[yelps]
You're all mine now!
Hey, come on,
get off me already!
Huh? But why, though?
Don't you want to snuggle up
with a little cutie wootie
like me?
[HIROTO]
[gasps] She smells like heaven.
-[Shirayuki grunts]
-[yelps]
[clears throat]
Please get to the point,
Akizuki.
My, what
an impatient, bullish boy
you are.
All right then,
have it your way.
It's about the All-Campus
Elimination Battle.
Libra did a survey on it,
puff-piece,
"who do you want to do a Trial
with the most" kind of thing.
And since I'm so strong
and as sweet
as a strawberry tart,
I'm naturally
near the top of the list,
but you're by far
the most popular, Hiroto.
Did you know that?
Nuh-uh,
hadn't heard a thing about it.
Huh, you're not too interested
in this, are you?
I see, that makes sense.
[giggles] Well, that was all.
[giggles]
Okie-dokie, bye-bye, Hiroto.
Thanks so much for chit-chatting
with little ol' me.
Disarming, isn't she?
Noa Akizuki,
nicknamed the Little Devil.
She's one
of only three Six Star students
here at Eimei.
[HIROTO]
A Six Star? Seriously?
She's that strong?
Yes.
Although,
the bad feeling she gives me
runs deeper than rank.
It's something monstrous.
[Hiroto grunts]
[SHIRAYUKI]
Forgive my asking, Master,
but is that the type of girl
you're into?
Huh? Uh...
[grunts]
[Ichinose sighs]
Honestly now,
talk about a nuisance.
In that critical game
against Kugasaki,
Shirayuki had to expose herself
to the masses,
to come to your aid as she did.
Yet to be supported by a student
from another District
is unheard of.
Transferring her
was the only real option
to avoid garnering suspicion.
Of course,
her ability to assist you
in the upcoming
All-Campus Elimination Battle
was a factor too.
Do you have any idea
how much red tape's involved
in pushing through
an abrupt student transfer?
It came
at no small personal cost
to yours truly, you know?
Tit for tat, now I have to do
something for you, right?
Very perceptive,
one
of your few likable qualities,
Shinohara.
Now, listen closely.
At present,
there are two vexing mysteries
unfolding on campus.
The first is this.
Outside forces are attempting
to stick their noses
into the upcoming event.
They've been setting off alarms
here and there since yesterday.
[HIROTO] Do you have any kind
of clue what they're after?
[ICHINOSE] It seems you,
the Seven Star,
are their most likely target.
You're
in a very enviable position.
That's good to know.
All right then,
what's the second mystery?
That's the real issue here.
It involves the Unique Stars,
you see.
Each campus on Academy Island
is issued one Unique Star.
Eimei had one, too.
The unique Green Star in fact.
[HIROTO]
"Had"?
[ICHINOSE]
Yes. It was stolen.
[alarm blaring]
[ICHINOSE]
We were moving its save location
with the intent of using it
as a prize
in the Elimination event.
However,
it was pilfered in a hack.
The Green Star.
We know it has some sort
of effect on perception,
but the abilities it grants
seem to differ greatly
depending on the person
holding it.
So, in the hands
of an individual endowed
with enough skill to steal it,
who knows what it could do?
[HIROTO]
Awfully convenient
these things happened
at the same time.
An overambitious student, maybe?
[ICHINOSE] It isn't clear yet
if the attacks are connected,
but there's
a definite possibility
it's the same person.
I do hate to ask,
but could you help us
find this culprit?
They're likely planning
to take advantage of the contest
to come after you.
So, as long as you remain
in the game,
you need only wait for them
to make their move.
Of course,
there's a complication.
Whoever they are,
the culprit's in possession
of a coveted Unique Star.
Eimei's erstwhile Green Star,
which you were intended
to win as a prize
in the All-Campus
Elimination Battle.
I'm sure you don't need me
to state the obvious necessity
here, do you?
You're saying I have to win it.
[chuckles]
[ICHINOSE]
As such, during this contest,
you will have three missions.
The first of which,
expose the identity
of the saboteur
behind the recent attacks.
[bell ringing]
[phone pings]
[ICHINOSE] The second,
recover the stolen Unique Star.
[door slides]
[gasps]
[both grunt]
[students chuckle]
[MALE STUDENT]
Hm?
[ICHINOSE] And finally,
score a decisive victory
and assert your position
as the strongest
on Academy Island.
[students sighing]
Clear for now.
This is gonna be harder
than I thought.
They chase me wherever I go.
[SHIRAYUKI] The prospect
of a consequence-free game
against a Seven Star
is evidently quite appealing.
For the time being,
I believe
the best course of action
is one of inaction.
Disable their ability
to see the location
of other participants,
and temporarily block
Trial requests
with a standard Device-based
jamming program,
enabling evasion.
[SHIRAYUKI]
In short, keep running away.
If we can get through
this final lesson,
the first day is over.
Not much longer now, Master.
[HIROTO]
Yeah.
[bell ringing]
[phone pings]
[Hiroto grunts]
Hm? Huh?
The jammer's not working!
But how?
[TATARA]
Shinohara!
I hereby challenge you
to a Trial game!
-[phone pings]
-[Hiroto grunts]
[HIROTO]
Is she trolling me?
Could this Akizuki girl
have seen through our strategy?
[TATARA]
Shinohara?
Have it your way.
It's not like
I really have a choice, is it?
[giggles]
[HIROTO] Just try
to make it worth my time, okay?
[Hiroto groan]
[HIROTO]
Tatara was crazy tough.
No wonder
she's president of 2-A,
the second year's top class.
Master?
The bathtub is now free to use.
You're sure it was okay for me
to go first?
Of course,
we can't just have you
go changing back
into your maid uniform
all sweaty now, can we?
[SHIRAYUKI]
Perhaps.
However, when you compel me
to take a bath, Master,
it flavors rather strongly
of seasoned perversion.
Excuse my saying so.
Anyway,
now that the first day is over,
how are you feeling, Master?
[grunts]
Well, I'm at least relieved that
the location blocking
and device jamming
proved effective.
But this
is an elimination contest.
By the end,
only the tough ones like Akizuki
-will be left.
-[SHIRAYUKI] Yes,
a direct confrontation
with that one
now seems exponentially
more likely.
To which end,
I have summoned the Company's
Head of Electronics to join us.
[KAGAYA]
IRL, baby! Rejoice!
It's your big sis Kagaya
with some phat loot.
Kagaya? Oh! In the flesh?
[chuckles]
[HIROTO]
Bedraggled babe!
[Kagaya chuckles]
[KAGAYA]
Impressed?
That logo.
Is this from the shop
that just opened in District 17?
Hey, Kagaya, what were you doing
while we were in serious trouble
earlier?
[KAGAYA] Whoa, now!
Let's not jump to conclusions!
I mean, I was still, like,
totally doing support
and programming stuff
while waiting in line, you know?
Working remotely
is a viable practice!
[SHIRAYUKI]
I never said otherwise.
However, I fail to see
why you couldn't have waited
for company.
Yeah, but if you're not mad,
what's up
with the sudden pouty face?
I'm not pouty.
[yelping]
Hey, are you seeing this, Hiro?
Isn't she acting,
like, super cutesy?
Hey, I am not acting cute!
[KAGAYA]
My bad, Shirayuki!
Here, peace offering!
Now open up for me and say "ah"!
[SHIRAYUKI]
Uh, but should I really do that
with Master watching?
[KAGAYA]
Don't sweat it.
That horndog's probably dying
for a good show.
Now, here!
[yelps]
Has anyone ever told you
how gorgeous your hair is?
Like, swoon.
Kagaya! PG thirteen, please!
[KAGAYA]
Huh? Oh, yeah.
I actually rolled up
to explain something to you.
[KAGAYA] See,
the programs we have at hand
aren't exactly designed
with your current
dodge-and-deflect needs in mind.
So, being the MVP that I am,
I wrote a new Device ability,
perfect for neurotic worrywarts
like you.
We just overlap
Hiro's location data
with Shirayuki's,
and any requests Hiro receives
will be redirected
to Shirayuki's Device!
Basically, she'll be tanking
your challengers for you.
I call this,
the "Scapegoat Technique".
[HIROTO]
Ah...
[KAGAYA] That should
at least buy you a few days
while the newbs
pick each other off.
If it comes down to it,
there is a built-in bail too.
But that's a ripcord
you can only yank once.
[HIROTO]
Yeah, but are you sure
you're okay with all of this,
Himeji?
If this act helps you
in even the smallest of ways,
I would be more than happy
to do it.
[HIROTO]
Oh. Cool.
Right, I guess
there's no problem, then.
[notification buzzes]
[HIROTO] Well, that
certainly makes things easier.
All right. Now to do my part.
And run away!
[Hiroto panting]
[sighs]
-[Footsteps]
-Huh? Who's there?
-[grunts] Huh?
-[phone rings]
[SHIRAYUKI]
Master, we have trouble!
I just received a transmission
from Kagaya.
According to her data,
the All-Campus
Elimination Battle survivors
are closing in on your location.
There's 200 of them!
-Huh? How's that possible?
-[SHIRAYUKI] Your coordinates
were leaked to everyone
simultaneously.
Master,
you have to get out of there!
Got it!
[panting]
[both yelps]
-[Hiroto exhales]
-[KAGAYA] Impossible!
There wasn't any signal there
a second ago!
My, fancy seeing you here,
Hiroto.
Akizuki? But how?
[panting]
Master, run!
[Noa giggles]
[NOA]
You really shouldn't.
I know you can hardly help
wanting to have your way
with a cutie like me,
but using force
is just so wrong.
Akizuki. Let go of me!
[NOA] Let go?
What are you talking about?
I'm stuck beneath you, silly.
Completely helpless.
Because you pushed me down
and got on top me.
Can't run away now,
can you, Mr. Big Shot?
Huh! Send a request! Quickly!
Ah! Okay!
[phone pings]
[groans]
Now that's really too bad.
Another second or two,
and we could have ignited
a massive news scandal
about the deviant Seven Star.
Oh, well.
At least I achieved
my primary goal.
I guess
that'll have to be enough.
[giggles]
I'll see you soon, Hiroto.
Wait, Akizuki!
What's this primary goal?
Huh?
I'm just a cute, ditzy girl,
silly.
So what would I know?
[giggles]
Sorry I wasn't able to be
of much help.
"Not much help"?
Are you kidding me?
If you hadn't shown up,
I'd have been done for.
You're far too generous, Master,
but thank you.
[Hiroto sighs]
[HIROTO] Still,
I wonder what she was after.
Oh, what is this?
It's a cutlet.
I put my heart and soul
as a maid into it,
may it help you be a cut
above the rest.
[chuckles]
[HIROTO]
Thank you.
[SHIRAYUKI] Give me one moment
to prepare it.
[HIROTO]
What's wrong?
There isn't any cutlet sauce
in the fridge.
Oh, yeah. I think we might have
used the last of it.
There's still
some Worcester sauce in there.
Sorry. You and I
are both on Team Cutlet Sauce.
My pride will not allow me
to compromise on that.
I'll have to go to the store.
Why not let me go instead?
You cannot.
Such a thing would tarnish
my reputation.
[HIROTO] And just like that,
Himeji went out.
[Hiroto groans]
Something's wrong.
[phone rings]
Himeji?
[NOA]
Oh, hey there, Hiroto.
-[gasps]
-[NOA] Having a good night?
[HIROTO] You. What the hell
are you playing at now?
Huh? What do you mean?
I was only calling
to say I bumped
into that little maid friend
of yours.
Look, if you've so much
as touched her...
[NOA] Jeez,
you have such a short temper.
Tell you what,
why don't I stick her on?
Your precious, fragile, little
porcelain doll of a maid.
Himeji?
It's me, Master.
I beg your pardon.
I fear I won't be able
to return home tonight.
What are you saying?
Did she do something?
[SHIRAYUKI] Forgive me.
I'm not able to say.
[SHIRAYUKI] As you know,
in order to exempt you
from an onslaught
of Trial requests,
you and I engaged
into a temporary
State of Conflict today,
one we must yet resolve.
Mm-hm. That's right.
Yes, well, about that...
I regret to inform you
I'm no longer able to lose
that game tomorrow.
[Hiroto gasps]